Yeah, Sandy was…huh.
It was one of those things you never want to do again.
Our business was hit hard by the storm.
We're right here in Rockaway.
And just searching on the Internet to help
my business, I came across the RISE contest
run by the New York City Economic
Development Corporation.
And the purpose was to find
new technologies that would make
businesses that were affected by
Superstorm Sandy more resilient.
Solatube is a daylighting device.
It's installed on the roof.
The dome captures the light.
The light is transferred down
through a highly reflective tube.
And a diffuser spreads the
light out evenly in the room.
My proposal was that I could
take 40 local businesses,
daylight them,
thereby saving them electricity,
less strain on the power grid,
and providing a safety factor for them
in case of future blackouts.
The way the tubes are designed,
they fit right through the roof rafters.
There's different sizes.
And they're used all over the world.
We do get a lot of blackouts in this area.
The grid here in Rockaway, and probably
in a lot of other areas in the city,
they're old and they're overtaxed.
So if we do have a blackout,
the businesses can operate
and not worry about the lighting.
It's simple.
You put a dome up, you capture the light,
it sends it into the building.
I've had many people say:
"Oh, I had that idea ten years ago."
And you know, the best things are simple.